README.md, before:

<!-- This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app). -->

# Graph Networks using Vis Network in Next.js

This repository is about a graph network using [Vis Network](https://visjs.github.io/vis-network/docs/network/) implemented in Next.js react framework. See the deployed site: [Graph Networks](https://next-network-graph.vercel.app/graph)

## Getting Started

First, initial install and run the development server:

To Install : 
```bash
npm install
# or
npm i
```
To Run :
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## About the Nooks and Crannies

I have been researching for library that works out for graph network and the best one i found is using [Vis Network Library](https://visjs.github.io/vis-network/docs/network/). It has a broad features to tweak and customize to fulfill our need (In this case network graph).

Also i choose [daisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) as the component library that build up on top of [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/). We don't need extra steps to add component or styling that much.

About the graph, Vis Network offer a great features that i implement in this repo such as:

- Cluster & Declustering
- Grouping
- Styling Node & Edges
- Zooming In & Out
- Accessibility (Utilize Keyboard)


<!-- ## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details. -->

Commit message:

Add supabase and mockapi to readme

README.md, after:

<!-- This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app). -->

# Graph Networks using Vis Network in Next.js

This repository is about a graph network using [Vis Network](https://visjs.github.io/vis-network/docs/network/) implemented in Next.js react framework. See the deployed site: [Graph Networks](https://next-network-graph.vercel.app/graph)

## Getting Started

First, initial install and run the development server:

To Install : 
```bash
npm install
# or
npm i
```
To Run :
```bash
npm run dev
```
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## About the Nooks and Crannies

I have been researching for library that works out for graph network and the best one i found is using [Vis Network Library](https://visjs.github.io/vis-network/docs/network/). It has a broad features to tweak, modify and customize to fulfill our need (In this case network graph).

For generating data initially, i use [mockapi.io](https://mockapi.io/) and move those datas to [supabase](https://supabase.com/) for flexibility, Easier modification and customizable payload or request

Also i choose [daisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) as the component library that build up on top of [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) so we don't need extra steps to add component or styling that much.

About the graph, Vis Network offers a great features that i implement in this repo such as:

- Cluster & Declustering
- Grouping
- Styling Node & Edges
- Zooming In & Out
- Accessibility (Utilize Keyboard)


<!-- ## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details. -->
